
https://yelpsurf.testlodge.com/projects/30060/test_plans/34427/view

Signup Page - Successfully sign up on yelpsurf.herokuapp.com
Test plan identifier: Sign34427
Created on: 15th November 2018
Updated on: 15th November 2018

Contents
Introduction
Features to be tested
Test items
Approach
Test deliverables
Testing tasks
1. Introduction
A new user should be able to navigate to yelpsurf.herokuapp.com/register and successfully create a new account.

Precondition: A user must not have previously registered... i.e. user and/or email must not already exist.

Assumption: A supported browser is being used

2. Features to be tested
Signup Page
User Page
3. Test items
Navigate to yelpsurf.herokuapp.com/register
Unique username is entered
Name is entered
Unique email is entered
Password is entered
Register button is clicked
Correct banner displays on user page
4. Approach
Create an automated test according to this test plan

The test should be written in Ruby
FireFox should be used to run the test
Please use Selenium as a Web Driver
Please use Geckodriver for the Browser Driver
Use RSpec to write assertions
Make sure to use the Page Object Pattern in order to separate test and code. Please write clean code that is easy to navigate and understand by making use of variables and creating methods for repeated actions.

5. Test deliverables
Create a Test folder with a Gemfile and an initial Test file.
Install Selenium and RSpec
Obtain gems from the documentation of the respective website and enter into Gemfile
run "bundle install" in the terminal
Wrie Test in test file
require both webdriver and rspec
create driver with Selenium for Firefox
find elements that need to be tested (username, name, email, password, button)
drive appropriate action for each element
Add structure to the test
use "success banner" text in user page as assertion for expectation
implement rspec-core to format the output and describe what's being tested
Clean up code with variables and methods
Implement Page Object Pattern
Create SignupPage class and UsersPage class in separate files
Transfer appropriate methods and selectors from Test file to class files
Require both class files in Test file
6. Testing tasks
Confirm that the test by running the test multiple times. In order to run the test:

 + Make sure Firefox is running
 + In the terminal, navigate to the Test file folder
 + Run "rspec yelp-test.rb"
 + Confirm that output is "0 failures" in green
